docs(firestore-incremental-capture): make docs more comprehensive (#257)
GoogleCloudPlatform/firebase-extensions: firestore-incremental-capture/PREINSTALL.md

    gcloud alpha firestore databases create \
    --database=DATABASE_ID \
    --location=LOCATION \
    --type=firestore-native \
    --project=PROJECT_ID
```

> Note that this extension currently only works on database instances in `firestore-native` mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this extension currently only supports database instances in `firestore-native` mode.
```

### Billing

To install an extension, your project must be on the Blaze (pay as you go) plan. You will be charged a small amount (typically around $0.01/month) for the Firebase resources required by this extension (even if it is not used).
This extension uses other Firebase and Google Cloud Platform services, which have associated charges if you exceed the service's no-cost tier:

- Dataflow
- BigQuery
- Artifact Registry
- Cloud EventArc
- Cloud Functions (See [FAQs](https://firebase.google.com/support/faq#extensions-pricing))

[Learn more about Firebase billing](https://firebase.google.com/pricing).

### Additional Uninstall Steps

> ⚠️ The extension does not delete various resources automatically on uninstall.

> After you have uninstalled this extension, you will probably want to remove the dataflow pipeline which was set up. You can do this through the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have uninstalled this extension, you will be required to remove the dataflow pipeline which was set up. You can do this through the
```
